DATABASE DETAILS FOR: SCENARIOS FOR RENEWABLE ENERGY ADOPTION

Before  collecting data from expert participants, the researcher created a database (named xxxx_scenario, where xxxx represents the researcher’s username on the cloud service being used) 
and the relevant tables to store participant data. The database consists of three tables: 
•	EXPERTS: This has 2 fields:
o	expert_id: Stores a unique identifier for each expert, consisting of the letter "E" followed by a counter value.
o	criteria: Stores a string of “Y” (yes) and “N” (no) values, indicating whether the expert meets the corresponding criteria.
•	FACTORS_ENERGY : This table contains three fields:
o	factor: Stores the factor number (e.g.,1, 2, 3, etc)
o	f_desc: Stores the factor name, which will be used in the questions presented to participants.
o	f_explain: Provides a more detailed explanation of each factor, displayed as tooltip text in the online tool.
•	RELATIONSHIPS: This table has 2 fields:
o	H-relationship: Stores the string of judgments submitted by experts for the “high” state of the independent factor on all other dependent factors.
o	L-relationship: Stores the string of judgments for the “low” state of the independent factor on all other dependent factors.

The EXPERTS and RELATIONSHIPS tables are populated as experts complete the surveys. 
The FACTORS_ENERGY table is populated by the researcher before releasing the link to the online tool. This is done using a researcher-developed PHP script (getfactors.php) 
and the relevant Excel .csv file (energyfactors.csv) as input. The algorithm behind this process is detailed in Chapter 3, section 3.4.3.1 ).   
The PHP code and associated Excel .csv files are available at https://github.com/robyn-thompson/RE_Adop_files. 
The .csv file contains the names and descriptions of each factor, which are aligned with those presented in Table 13 of the thesis.  
These descriptions are used to populate the tooltip text, which appears on each judgment entry screen for the factors.
